Two authentication method in one App (#128)
Intility/fastapi-azure-auth: docs/docs/multi-tenant/azure_setup.mdx

sidebar_position: 1
---

We'll need to create two authentication methods for Azure AD authentication to cover both direct API use and usage from the OpenAPI (swagger) documentation. We can achieve this goal in two ways:
<ol>
<li> Create two different Azure Apps </li>

> <li> Create one Azure App with two (an App can have mutile authentication method) authentication methods </li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li> Create one Azure App with two (an App can have multiple authentication methods) authentication methods </li>
```
